**Sprint 1 Team Reflection**

*Muhammad Abdullah*: For sprint 2, I mainly worked on creating a calender for the events. With that being said, the calender
should be able to add, delete, and modify events. I also attempted to create the layout of the entire application, 
but quickly consulted with the team, and decided to do it at a later time. The issue I encountered was 
during the creation of the calender with events. At first, it was difficult to figure out what method to pursue
as there is one through the firebase. The firebase was giving the entire team trouble, so I had to find out other ways I 
could continue working on the given task. Our team plans on meeting more frequently for the next given weeks to figure out 
how to fix the minor holes we have. 

Kevin Morales: For Sprint 2, I worked on the creating a team portion of the application. I was able to get the basic format for the team creation, the team home page, and the team page from a non subscriber view. 
However, I was unable to place proper data from our database into these activites, as our authentication had failed on us. 
The authentication didn't allow us to sign in to the application or create accounts. However, starting 4/5 I plan to redo our authentication and fill in the data to the activities. 
Due to this setback, we may need to remove features from the project due to the high velocity we expect in sprint 3. However, these changes are to be determined. 
For Sprint 3, the group has also decided to emphasize working more frequently, such as minimum 1.5 hours per weekday, and about 3 hours per weekend day. 

Filipe Mourao: For Sprint 2 I worked on some of the bugs that we had with the methods of Sprint 1 as well as implementing the create event
activity. I was having some trouble with signing into the app as well as some of the github commands as it delete some of my code for
forget my password. I need to work on figuring out how the github commands work as well as getting the sign in page and forgot password page
working correctly before starting tasks of the next sprint.
